

	Project Name
Ical Converter


	Authors
Henry Dang
Peter Mangelsdorf
Professor Will Mongan
CS 265 Drexel University


	Reading Notes
Setting your reader to a column size of 125 is recommended for the best viewing experience.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Goals
The icalconv should be an easy to use, command line utility supported on most POSIX-compliant systems. icalconv should support local or Internet located files. icalconv has a testing suite which should enable users to detect build errors and report them as needed. The project is modular through the development of several small, independent scripts (wherever possible), so as to facilitate debugging and end-user customization. The final HTML file generated by icalconv should be readable by popular Internet browsers.	


	HCI Specifications
Internal Documentation
Error Messaging - Any problems which occur within the script should be presented to the user if they severley affect the operation of the overall program.
CLI Support - Any scripts which accept arguments should notify the user when invalid or missing arguments occur.


	Code Specifications
Unit Testing - Unit Testing should be built in to the makefile and enable end-user error diagnosis.
Modularity - Scripts should be independent of one another, capable of being swapped in or out with minor consequences.
Modability - Script internals should be easily read and have private varaibles which user can edit as needed.

	
	Documentation Specifications
Cohesiveness - The documentation agrees with itself.
Accuracy - The documentation should reflect recent changes to the code.
Depth - Documentation should supply the user with any information they need to use the program.

	
	HTML Specifications
Browser Support - Support for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari will be tested.
W3 Compliance - As per W3 specification, the generated HTML should be valid.


	ICS Specifications
IETF Compliance - Only ICS files which comply with IETF regulations are expected.
Typical ICS Analysis - Common errors in ICS files are accounted for.
